My name is on the front page of the Daily Mail .	
My name is on the front of the paper .	
My name is on the front pages of the papers .	
My name is on the front .	
My name is on the list of the world 's most famous people .	
My name is on the list .	
My name is on the list , and I 'm not sure I 'm going to get a fair hearing .	
My name is on the list for the first time .	
My name is on the cover of the magazine .	
My name is on the cover .	
My name is on the cover , and I 'm not sure I 'm going to get a copy of it .	
My name is on the cover and I 'm not a fan of the " I 'm a Celebrity " blogger .	
My name is on the side of the car .	
My name is on the side .	
My name is on the side , and I 'm not sure I 'm going to get a fair hearing .	
My name is on the side and I 'm not sure what to do with it .	
My name is on a list of the world 's most famous people .	
My name is on a list .	
My name is on a list that I have never seen before .	
My name is on a list for the first time .	
My name is on a website .	
My name is on a website called " The " . "	
My name is on a website , and I 'm not sure I 'm going to get a copy of it .	
My name is on a website and I 'm not sure I can get a copy of it .	
My name is on a new website called " The Daily Mail . "	
My name is on a new list of the world 's most influential people .	
My name is on a new computer .	
My name is on a new page .	
My name is on a computer .	
My name is on a computer and I 'm not a member of the ' news ' team .	
My name is on a computer screen .	
My name is on a computer , and I 'm not sure what to do with it .	
My name is on it .	
My name is on it . @ ZB - I 'm not sure what you mean by " a bit of a laugh . "	
My name is on it . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
My name is on it . - The ' real ' world is a ' cesspool ' of the world .	
My name is on it , and I 'm not sure I 'm going to get it .	
My name is on it , I 'm not sure what it is .	
My name is on it , but I 'm not sure it 's a good idea to use it .	
My name is on it , so I 'm not sure what it means .	
My name is on it !	
My name is on it ! ! !	
My name is on it ! @ taxloss - I 'm not sure what the problem is .	
My name is on it ! ?	
My name is on it and I 'm not sure I 'm going to get it .	
My name is on it and it 's a good idea to have it on the internet .	
My name is on it and the ' I ' is the one who is the most reliable .	
My name is on it and there is no way I can get it to work .	
My name is on my computer .	
My name is on my computer and I 'm not a member of the ' news ' group .	
My name is on my computer , and I 'm not a fan of the " I 'm a PC " type of person .	
My name is on my computer !	
My name is on my website .	
My name is on my website and I 'm not a fan of the " I 'm a fan of the BBC " website .	
My name is on my website , and I 'm not a fan of the " I 'm a fan of the BBC " website .	
My name is on my website !	
My name is on my phone .	
My name is on my phone and I 'm not a member of the ' press ' .	
My name is on my phone !	
My name is on my phone , and I 'm not a member of the ' press ' .	
My name is on my laptop .	
My name is on my laptop , and I 'm not a fan of the " I 'm not a fan of the BBC " argument .	
My name is on my laptop and I 'm not a fan of the " I 'm not a fan of the BBC " argument .	
My name is on my laptop !	
My name is now on the list of the most popular names for the " most dangerous " of all the " green " cars .	
My name is now on the website .	
My name is now on the internet .	
My name is now on the front page of the Daily Mail .	
My name is now on a list of the most popular names for the " most dangerous " of all the " green " industries .	
My name is now on a website called " The " . "	
My name is now on a new website called " The " . "	
My name is now on a computer .	
My name is now on it .	
My name is now on it , and I 'm not sure I 'm going to get it .	
My name is now on it !	
My name is now on it and I 'm not sure I 'm going to get it .	
My name is now on this website .	
My name is now on this list .	
My name is now on this blog .	
My name is now on this page .	
My name is now being used to describe the new " Star Wars " film .	
My name is now being used by the BBC to make a statement about the " Climategate " scandal .	
My name is now being used as a reference for the new " new " version of the " old " model .	
My name is now being used in the same way as the " I 'm a journalist " story .	
My name is now being put on the internet .	
My name is now being put in the same category as the " I 'm a Celebrity " and " I 'm a Celebrity " contestant .	
My name is now being put to the test .	
My name is now being put into the same category as the ' official ' version of the story .	
My name is now being changed to " The " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " and " "	
My name is now being changed .	
My name is now being changed for the purpose of " making a profit . "	
My name is now being changed , and I 'm now in the process of getting a new one .	
My name is now being called " The " . "	
My name is now being called ' The ' and ' I ' .	
My name is now being called the ' new ' .	
My name is now being called a ' news ' .	
My name is now a ' name ' .	
My name is now a ' n ' n ' a ' n ' .	
My name is now a ' green ' .	
My name is now a ' new ' , and I 'm not sure I 'm going to get the same level of coverage as the old one .	
My name is now a " b * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
My name is now a " B " for the first time .	
My name is now a " name " for the purpose of " making a profit . "	
My name is now a " f * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
My name is now a part of the BBC .	
My name is now a part .	
My name is now a part ofthe " The Daily Show " and " The Daily Show " and I 'm a " Star Trek " fan .	
My name is now a part in the BBC News website .	
My name is now a verb .	
My name is now a verb , and I 'm not sure I 'm going to get it .	
My name is now a verb and I 'm a bit of a moron .	
My name is now a verb in the name of " The " . "	
My name is now in the same category as the " I 'm a Celebrity " and " I 'm a Celebrity " and I 'm not a " celebrity " but I 'm a "	
My name is now in the " I 'm a Celebrity " category .	
My name is now in the hands of the British Library .	
My name is now in the name of the " The " " The " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " and "	
My name is now in a new book , The Secret History of the World 's Largest Oil Companies .	
My name is now in a book called " The Secret Life of the American People . "	
My name is now in a name that is not a reference to the " real " world .	
My name is now in a " new " category .	
My name is now in my book .	
My name is now in my name .	
My name is now in my hands .	
My name is now in my computer .	
My name is now in The Times .	
My name is now in The Independent 's front page .	
My name is now in The New York Times .	
My name is now in The Guardian .	
My name is also on the list of the most popular names for the " most dangerous " of all the " green " cars .	
My name is also on the front page of the Daily Mail .	
My name is also on the website .	
My name is also on the cover of the magazine .	
My name is also on a list of the most popular names for the " most dangerous " of all the " green " cars .	
My name is also on a website .	
My name is also on a new website .	
My name is also on a ' list ' of the most popular names in the world .	
My name is also on this list .	
My name is also on this page .	
My name is also on this website .	
My name is also on this article .	
My name is also on it .	
My name is also on it , and I 'm not sure I 'm going to get it .	
My name is also on it !	
My name is also on it - I 'm not sure what it means .	
My name is also a reference to the fact that the " real " world is a very different place .	
My name is also a reference for the first time .	
My name is also a reference .	
My name is also a reference in the article .	
My name is also a good one .	
My name is also a good example of the way the media is using the internet to promote their own agenda .	
My name is also a good name for a " good " one .	
My name is also a good way to get a good look at the " real " world .	
My name is also a ' good ' .	
My name is also a ' n ' .	
My name is also a ' green ' .	
My name is also a ' name ' .	
My name is also a name that I can 't remember .	
My name is also a name for the same thing .	
My name is also a name .	
My name is also a name of a different type .	
My name is also used in the same article .	
My name is also used in this article .	
My name is also used in a number of other publications .	
My name is also used in an article in the Guardian .	
My name is also used by the BBC .	
My name is also used by a number of other media outlets .	
My name is also used by some of the most popular websites in the world .	
My name is also used by an ISP .	
My name is also used to describe the " I 'm a Celebrity " contestant .	
My name is also used to make the point that the " real " world is a " real " one .	
My name is also used to denote the " best " in the world .	
My name is also used to refer to the " new " and " new " media .	
My name is also used for the purpose of the " I 'm a Celebrity " blogger .	
My name is also used for this .	
My name is also used for a number of other purposes .	
My name is also used for that .	
My name is also in the same paragraph as the one in the article .	
My name is also in the name of the " The " " The " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " and "	
My name is also in the " I 'm a Celebrity " category .	
My name is also in the paper .	
My name is also in a name that I can 't remember .	
My name is also in a book called " The Secret of the Grain . "	
My name is also in a different category .	
My name is also in a very good place .	
My name is also in this article .	
My name is also in this case .	
My name is also in this book .	
My name is also in this column .	
My name is also in my name .	
My name is also in my book .	
My name is also in my email .	
My name is also in my hands .	
My name is a combination of the two .	
My name is a combination of a ' B ' and ' G ' .	
My name is a combination of " The " and " The " .	
My name is a combination of my own and my own .	
My name is a combination that I can 't remember .	
My name is a combination that is not a " real " one .	
My name is a combination that means I 'm not a " journalist " but a " journalist " and I 'm not .	
My name is a combination that was invented by the same people who were responsible for the " I 'm a PC " campaign .	
My name is a combination , and I 'm not sure I 'd have known it was the same .	
My name is a combination , I 'm not sure , but I 'm not sure I 'd have known .	
My name is a combination , not a ' a ' .	
My name is a combination , but I 'm not sure that 's true .	
My name is a combination .	
My name is a combination . @ XY - I 'm not sure what the word " a " is .	
My name is a combination . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
My name is a combination . - The ' real ' world is a ' real ' world .	
My name is a reference to the fact that the " real " world is a very different place .	
My name is a reference to a " secret " source of information about the " secret " of the " Climategate " scandal .	
My name is a reference to " The " " The " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " and " the " and " the	
My name is a reference to my own .	
My name is a reference in the name of the " The Office " of the BBC .	
My name is a reference in a book by the same name .	
My name is a reference in my book .	
My name is a reference in that name to the " I 'm a man " type .	
My name is a reference for the first time .	
My name is a reference for a new book by the same name .	
My name is a reference for an article in the Guardian .	
My name is a reference for what I think is a very good article .	
My name is a reference that I don 't think is a good idea .	
My name is a reference that is not a reference to the " real " world .	
My name is a reference that was used by the BBC to make a statement about the " Climategate " scandal .	
My name is a reference that has been used for many years .	
My name is a good thing .	
My name is a good thing , but I 'm not sure that 's true .	
My name is a good thing - I 'm not a fan of the " I 'm a big fan of the " and " I 'm not a fan of the " I 'm a	
My name is a good thing because it 's a good idea to have a good time .	
My name is a good example of this .	
My name is a good example .	
My name is a good example , but I 'm not sure that the " I 'm a Celebrity " is really a " reality " show .	
My name is a good example - I 'm not sure what it means .	
My name is a good one .	
My name is a good one , but I 'm not sure that 's true .	
My name is a good one for me .	
My name is a good one - I 'm not sure what it means .	
My name is a good way to describe the way the media is reporting the story .	
My name is a good way of saying that I 'm not a fan of the " I 'm a big fan of the " theory .	
My name is a good way for me to describe the way I look at the world .	
My name is a good way out of this .	
My name is a ' n ' a " b . "	
My name is a ' n * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
My name is a ' n 's ' .	
My name is a ' n .	
My name is a ' G ' .	
My name is a ' G * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
My name is a ' G 's ' .	
My name is a ' G & S ' .	
My name is a ' s ' .	
My name is a ' s .	
My name is a ' s * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
My name is a ' s , and I 'm not sure I 'm a " fan " of the " I 'm a Celebrity " contestant .	
My name is a ' b ' .	
My name is a ' b * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
My name is a ' b / c ' .	
My name is a ' b .	
What do you call it ?	
What do you call it ? ? ?	
What do you call it ? ?	
What do you call it ? ? !	
What do you call it ? ? @ Lemmy - I 'm not sure what you mean by that .	
What do you call it ? '	
What do you call it ? ' .	
What do you call it ? ' s own " secret " and " secret " ?	
What do you call it ? ' "	
What do you call it ? !	
What do you call it ? ! ?	
What do you call it ? ! !	
What do you call it ? ! @ Lemmy - I 'm not sure what you mean by " a bit of a laugh . "	
What do you call it , the " new " ?	
What do you call it , the ' new ' version of the old " old " ?	
What do you call it , the world 's most expensive car ?	
What do you call it , the so-called " black box " ?	
What do you call it , a " secret " ?	
What do you call it , a ' new ' version of the old " old " ?	
What do you call it , a new " super " version of the " old " ?	
What do you call it , a little bit of a " secret " ?	
What do you call it , and what does it mean ?	
What do you call it , and I 'm not sure what the problem is ?	
What do you call it , and why ?	
What do you call it , and you don 't have to be a " fan " to see it ?	
What do you call it , this is a " real " story ?	
What do you call it , this ?	
What do you call it , this " secret " ?	
What do you call it , this was a " secret " ?	
What do you call it when you have a bunch of people who are not interested in the truth ?	
What do you call it when you are a man ?	
What do you call it when you 're a man ?	
What do you call it when you can 't get a good picture of the real thing ?	
What do you call it when the " real " world is in the middle of a global recession ?	
What do you call it when the whole thing is a bit of a mess ?	
What do you call it when the world is in a state of shock ?	
What do you call it when the ' real ' world is in the middle of a global recession ?	
What do you call it when a " good " man is " a good man " ?	
What do you call it when a man is in a car with a woman ?	
What do you call it when a person is in a coma ?	
What do you call it when a single person is in a position to make a decision ?	
What do you call it when your own car is in the middle of a road ?	
What do you call it when your " real " friends are all in the same boat ?	
What do you call it when your car is not in the same place as you ?	
What do you call it when your computer is not working ?	
What do you call it .	
What do you call it . ?	
What do you call it . ? ? ?	
What do you call it . ? The only thing that is clear is that the whole thing is a farce .	
What do you call it . ? !	
What do you call it . '	
What do you call it . ' s ' and ' the ' and ' the ' ' ?	
What do you call it . ' ?	
What do you call it . ' "	
What do you call it . - The ' real ' world ?	
What do you call it . - I 'm not sure what the " real " reason for the " change " is .	
What do you call it . - A " new " version of the classic " The Wizard of Oz " ?	
What do you call it . - What is the point of the " new " model ? - Why is the new model so much better than the old one ? - Why is the	
What do you call a " black hole " ?	
What do you call a " black " ?	
What do you call a " black box " ?	
What do you call a " black man " ?	
What do you call a " man " ?	
What do you call a " man of the people " ?	
What do you call a " man who is a man of the people " ?	
What do you call a " man in a suit " ?	
What do you call a " good " and " bad " " good " ?	
What do you call a " good old fashioned " ?	
What do you call a " good man " ?	
What do you call a " good cop " ?	
What do you call a " real " person ?	
What do you call a " real man " ?	
What do you call a " real ' " ?	
What do you call a " real person " ?	
What do you call a ' black hole ' ?	
What do you call a ' black ' ?	
What do you call a ' black box ' ?	
What do you call a ' black man ' ?	
What do you call a ' news ' ?	
What do you call a ' news conference ' ?	
What do you call a ' news story ' ?	
What do you call a ' news media ' ?	
What do you call a ' green ' ?	
What do you call a ' green light ' ?	
What do you call a ' green car ' ?	
What do you call a ' green revolution ' ?	
What do you call a ' normal ' person ?	
What do you call a ' normal , ' and ' normal ' , ?	
What do you call a ' normal person ' ?	
What do you call a ' normal " ' person ?	
What do you call a man who is a " man of the people " ?	
What do you call a man who has a " good " sense of humour ?	
What do you call a man who can 't even get a word in edgeways ?	
What do you call a man who 's a " good " man ?	
What do you call a man ?	
What do you call a man ? ? ?	
What do you call a man ? !	
What do you call a man ? a ) .	
What do you call a man with a " big head " ?	
What do you call a man with an axe ?	
What do you call a man with no idea of what he is doing ?	
What do you call a man with the same name as a man ?	
What do you call a man in a suit ?	
What do you call a man in the middle of a fight ?	
What do you call a man in his underwear ?	
What do you call a man in an orange suit ?	
What do you call a person who is a " good " person ?	
What do you call a person who has a " good " or " bad " attitude to the environment ?	
What do you call a person who 's not a journalist ?	
What do you call a person who " has a lot of money " ?	
What do you call a person ?	
What do you call a person ? ? ?	
What do you call a person ? !	
What do you call a person ? a ) The first thing you need to know about the " new " " green " is that it 's not a " green " issue .	
What do you call a person with a " brain " ?	
What do you call a person with an " average " IQ ?	
What do you call a person with " a " " a " ?	
What do you call a person with no idea what they are talking about ?	
What do you call a person that is not a " good " person ?	
What do you call a person that has a " good " reputation ?	
What do you call a person that 's not a " good " person ?	
What do you call a person that can 't be bothered to read the paper ?	
What do you call that ?	
What do you call that ? ? ?	
What do you call that ? ?	
What do you call that ? ? !	
What do you call that ? ? @ Lemmy - I 'm not sure what you mean by that .	
What do you call that ? !	
What do you call that ? ! ? !	
What do you call that ? ! !	
What do you call that ? ! @ Lemmy - I 'm not sure what you mean by that .	
What do you call that ? '	
What do you call that ? ' .	
What do you call that ? ' and ' I 'm not going to be able to do that ' .	
What do you call that ? ' , " he said .	
What do you call that when you 're in a car ?	
What do you call that when you are in a position to be able to see the light ?	
What do you call that when you have a bunch of people who are not interested in the truth ?	
What do you call that when you can 't get a good picture of the whole thing ?	
What do you call that when the whole thing is a bit of a mess ?	
What do you call that when the " real " world is a " real " world ?	
What do you call that when the only thing that is going on is the fact that the whole thing is a hoax ?	
What do you call that when the world is in a state of shock ?	
What do you call that when a man is in a car with a woman ?	
What do you call that when a " good " one is " a good one " ?	
What do you call that when a person is in a car with a driver ?	
What do you call that when a single , very large , very large , very large , very large , very large , very large , very large , very large , very large ,	
What do you call that when it 's not ?	
What do you call that when it is not ?	
What do you call that when it comes to the " real " world ?	
What do you call that when it was a " secret " ?	
What do you call that , and what does it mean ?	
What do you call that , and I 'm not sure what the point is ?	
What do you call that , and that 's the " real " story ?	
What do you call that , and you 're not going to get a fair hearing ?	
What do you call that , the " real " world ?	
What do you call that , the ' real ' world ?	
What do you call that , the one that is the most important ?	
What do you call that , the BBC ?	
What do you call that , a " real " " news " ?	
What do you call that , a ' a ' ?	
What do you call that , a ?	
What do you call that , a bunch of people who are not really interested in the subject of the story ?	
What do you call that , but you don 't have to be a " fan " to see it ?	
What do you call that , but what is the point of the whole thing ?	
What do you call that , but I don 't think it 's a good idea to have a " secret " ?	
What do you call that , but it 's not a good idea ?	
What do you call that in the first place ?	
What do you call that in the middle of the night ?	
What do you call that in the real world ?	
What do you call that in the end ?	
What do you call that in a " free " market ?	
What do you call that in a car ?	
What do you call that in a way that is not " fair " ?	
What do you call that in a bar ?	
What do you call that in your own home ?	
What do you call that in your book ?	
What do you call that in your opinion ?	
What do you call that in your case ?	
What do you call that in this case ?	
What do you call that in this instance ?	
What do you call that in this article ?	
What do you call that in this context ?	
What do you call the " most important " of the " big four " ?	
What do you call the " most efficient " ?	
What do you call the " most powerful " ?	
What do you call the " most expensive " ?	
What do you call the " world 's most famous " ?	
What do you call the " world " ?	
What do you call the " world of the future " ?	
What do you call the " world class " ?	
What do you call the " best " of the bunch ?	
What do you call the " best of the best " ?	
What do you call the " best and brightest " ?	
What do you call the " best in the world " ?	
What do you call the " old " ?	
What do you call the " old man " ?	
What do you call the " old fashioned " way of doing things ?	
What do you call the " old guard " ?	
What do you call the ' most ' of the world 's most powerful people ?	
What do you call the ' most important ' ?	
What do you call the ' most powerful ' ?	
What do you call the ' most efficient ' ?	
What do you call the ' old ' ?	
What do you call the ' old man ' ?	
What do you call the ' old fashioned ' way of doing things ?	
What do you call the ' old fogey ' ?	
What do you call the ' average ' ?	
What do you call the ' average person ' ?	
What do you call the ' average man ' ?	
What do you call the ' average ? '	
What do you call the ' black market ' ?	
What do you call the ' black box ' ?	
What do you call the ' black hole ' ?	
What do you call the ' black ' market ?	
What do you call the most important thing in the world ?	
What do you call the most important piece of evidence ?	
What do you call the most important of the " big " ?	
What do you call the most important issue in the world ?	
What do you call the most powerful man in the world ?	
What do you call the most powerful people in the world ?	
What do you call the most powerful and influential people in the world ?	
What do you call the most powerful ?	
What do you call the most efficient and efficient way of doing this ?	
What do you call the most efficient way of doing this ?	
What do you call the most efficient , efficient and efficient way of doing business ?	
What do you call the most efficient ?	
What do you call the most expensive and most expensive car in the world ?	
What do you call the most expensive ?	
What do you call the most expensive , most expensive , most expensive , most expensive , most expensive and most expensive car ever built ?	
What do you call the most expensive item in the world ?	
What do you call the first " real " person ?	
What do you call the first " green " car ?	
What do you call the first " black " ?	
What do you call the first " new " ?	
What do you call the first ?	
What do you call the first ? ? ?	
What do you call the first ? '	
What do you call the first ? !	
What do you call the first ' green ' ?	
What do you call the first ' real ' person ?	
What do you call the first ' black ' ?	
What do you call the first ' new ' version of the " old " ?	
What do you call the first two ?	
What do you call the first two " people " who are " the most powerful " ?	
What do you call the first two people who are " responsible " for the " climate change " ?	
What do you call the first two ' X ' ?	
A man walked into a bar in London and was told to " get off the plane . "	
A man walked into a bar in London with a bunch of people and asked them to take a picture of him .	
A man walked into a bar in London , and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a bar in London in the middle of the night and was told to get out of the room .	
A man walked into a bar in the middle of the night and was told to get out of the room .	
A man walked into a bar in the early hours of the morning and was told to leave .	
A man walked into a bar in the city of London and asked for a drink .	
A man walked into a bar in the London suburb of Holloway and asked for a glass of wine .	
A man walked into a bar in a car with a bunch of people in the back .	
A man walked into a bar in a London suburb and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a bar in a bar in the middle of the night and was told to get out of the room .	
A man walked into a bar in a small town in the middle of the night and was told to get out of the car and get a taxi .	
A man walked into a bar in Soho and was told to get out of the room .	
A man walked into a bar in Soho , central London , and told the staff that he was going to be a " f * * * ing * * * * * * *	
A man walked into a bar in Soho with a bunch of other people .	
A man walked into a bar in Soho in the middle of the night and was told to get out of the room .	
A man walked into a bar and told me that he was going to be a " good " customer .	
A man walked into a bar and told the staff to " get out of the way " and " get on with it . "	
A man walked into a bar and told a customer that he was going to be a " customer " and that he would be " a bit of a bastard " and " a bit	
A man walked into a bar and told us that he was a member of the BNP .	
A man walked into a bar and asked for a glass of wine .	
A man walked into a bar and asked to be taken to the bar .	
A man walked into a bar and asked if he could get a drink .	
A man walked into a bar and asked the staff to remove the " f * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
A man walked into a bar and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a bar and was asked to leave .	
A man walked into a bar and was given a glass of wine .	
A man walked into a bar and was arrested for being drunk and disorderly .	
A man walked into a bar and ordered a bottle of wine .	
A man walked into a bar and ordered the ' B ' to be taken to the police station .	
A man walked into a bar and ordered an apple pie .	
A man walked into a bar and ordered his own ' A ' .	
A man walked into a bar with a bunch of women and a bunch of men .	
A man walked into a bar with a bottle of wine and a bottle of wine .	
A man walked into a bar with a large number of people in the back of the room .	
A man walked into a bar with a bag of chips and a bottle of wine .	
A man walked into a bar with his wife and two children and was told to leave .	
A man walked into a bar with his ' A ' card and was told to " get out of the way " and " get on with it . "	
A man walked into a bar with his girlfriend and was told to " get off the plane . "	
A man walked into a bar with his friend and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a bar with the same number of people as the one who was in the room .	
A man walked into a bar with the ' S ' in his pocket .	
A man walked into a bar with the intention of getting a drink .	
A man walked into a bar with the other man and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a bar with an empty bottle of wine and a bottle of wine .	
A man walked into a bar with an old friend and told him to get out of the way .	
A man walked into a bar with an open bottle of wine and a bottle of wine .	
A man walked into a bar with an orange and a red and white plastic bag .	
A man walked into a bar , and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a bar , and then a ' B ' , and then a ' B ' .	
A man walked into a bar , and the whole thing was a riot of colour and colour .	
A man walked into a bar , and a man was seen running from the scene of the incident .	
A man walked into a bar , where he was told to " go to the toilet . "	
A man walked into a bar , where the staff were told to " go to the toilet . "	
A man walked into a bar , where a man was sitting in a chair , and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a bar , where they were told to " go to the toilet . "	
A man walked into a bar , got a drink , and then a few minutes later a man in a suit and tie , who was wearing a suit , walked into the room and	
A man walked into a bar , got his hands on a bottle of wine and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a bar , got in a car and drove off .	
A man walked into a bar , got out of his car and was arrested by the police .	
A man walked into a bar , in the middle of the night , and was told to leave .	
A man walked into a bar , in a bar , and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a bar , in which he was a member of the staff , and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a bar , in an attempt to get a better view of the scene .	
A man walked into a meeting with the police and told them that he was not a terrorist .	
A man walked into a meeting with the British Airways flight attendant who was being interviewed by the BBC .	
A man walked into a meeting with the head of the British Transport Police ( BTP ) .	
A man walked into a meeting with the ' The Man Who Would Be King ' ( R ) .	
A man walked into a meeting with a group of people who were in the room and asked him to take a picture of the man .	
A man walked into a meeting with a bunch of people in a car .	
A man walked into a meeting with a ' man ' who was a member of the ' Black Watch ' .	
A man walked into a meeting with a man who was a member of the Royal Family .	
A man walked into a meeting with his wife and told her that he was going to be a " good " customer .	
A man walked into a meeting with his ' boss ' and told him to " get out of the way " and " get on with it . "	
A man walked into a meeting with his boss and told him that he was going to be the first to be arrested for being drunk and disorderly .	
A man walked into a meeting with his own ' friends ' and was told that he was not a ' good ' person .	
A man walked into a meeting with me and told me that he was going to be the first to be arrested for being drunk and disorderly .	
A man walked into a meeting with me in the middle of the night and told me that he was going to be the first to be arrested .	
A man walked into a meeting with me .	
A man walked into a meeting with me , and I was told that the ' no ' was a ' no ' .	
A man walked into a meeting and was told that he was not allowed to be in the room .	
A man walked into a meeting and was asked to sign a form stating that he was not a member of the BNP .	
A man walked into a meeting and was given a free pass .	
A man walked into a meeting and was immediately tasered .	
A man walked into a meeting and told him that he was not going to be able to get a seat on the plane .	
A man walked into a meeting and told me that he was not a member of the BNP .	
A man walked into a meeting and told the story of the ' The Secret Policeman ' .	
A man walked into a meeting and told us that he was not a member of the BNP .	
A man walked into a meeting and asked for a copy of the report .	
A man walked into a meeting and asked if he could get a copy of the report .	
A man walked into a meeting and asked to be taken to the airport .	
A man walked into a meeting and asked the same question .	
A man walked into a meeting and said , " I 'm not going to be a member of the BNP . "	
A man walked into a meeting and said : " I 'm not going to be a member of the BNP . "	
A man walked into a meeting and said that he was not a member of the BNP .	
A man walked into a meeting and said he was going to be a " good " customer .	
A man walked into a meeting in London and asked for a copy of the report .	
A man walked into a meeting in London with the other man .	
A man walked into a meeting in London in the middle of the night and was told to get out of the room .	
A man walked into a meeting in London , and was told that he was not allowed to be in the room .	
A man walked into a meeting in the office of the chief executive of the London Stock Exchange ( LSE ) .	
A man walked into a meeting in the ' The Office ' and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a meeting in the hotel room of a man who was in the room with him .	
A man walked into a meeting in the London office of the Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) and was told that he had to pay £ £ £ £ * * * * *	
A man walked into a meeting in a hotel room and was told to " get off the plane . "	
A man walked into a meeting in a car and was told to get out of the car .	
A man walked into a meeting in a London hotel room and was told that he had to be " a bit more discreet " and " get a bit more " ( " I 'm	
A man walked into a meeting in a room with a bunch of other people .	
A man walked into a meeting in his office and was told that he had to be a " good " customer .	
A man walked into a meeting in his car and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a meeting in his hotel room and was told that he had to be in the room by 5 : 00 pm .	
A man walked into a meeting in his own car and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a meeting of the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons ( BAAPS ) in London .	
A man walked into a meeting of the ' The Independent ' on the ground .	
A man walked into a meeting of the world 's leading experts in the field of climate change .	
A man walked into a meeting of the International Association of Air Transport Associations ( IATA ) in London .	
A man walked into a meeting of a group of people who were in the room and asked him to take a picture of the man .	
A man walked into a meeting of a bunch of people who were trying to get a picture of the man who was in the middle of the crowd .	
A man walked into a meeting of a number of people who were in the room and asked him to take a picture of the scene .	
A man walked into a meeting of a ' group of experts ' and asked them to take a look at the evidence .	
A man walked into a meeting of his ' team ' and was told that he had to be " a bit more careful " about the way he was being treated .	
A man walked into a meeting of his own team and was told that he was not allowed to be in the room .	
A man walked into a meeting of his company 's staff and told them that he was going to be the first to be arrested .	
A man walked into a meeting of his team in the hotel room and was told that he had to be taken to the hospital .	
A man walked into a meeting of all the world 's leading experts in the field of climate change .	
A man walked into a meeting of all of the world 's leading experts in the field of climate change .	
A man walked into a meeting of all those who were in the room and asked him to take a picture of the scene .	
A man walked into a meeting of all these people and asked them to be the first to be interviewed by the police .	
A man walked into a police station in London and told me that he had been arrested for being a " terrorist " and that he had been " arrested " by police .	
A man walked into a police station in the middle of the night and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police station in a police car and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police station in central London and was told to get out of the car and get out of the way .	
A man walked into a police station and was told to get out of the car and get out of the car .	
A man walked into a police station and told me that he had been arrested for being drunk and disorderly .	
A man walked into a police station and asked for a copy of the report .	
A man walked into a police station and said : " I 'm not a terrorist . "	
A man walked into a police station , and was told to get out of the car and get out of the car .	
A man walked into a police station , where he was told to " get out of the way " and " get on with the job . "	
A man walked into a police station , was told to get out of the car and was told to go to the police station .	
A man walked into a police station , in the middle of the night , and told the police that he was a police officer .	
A man walked into a police station on the way to the airport .	
A man walked into a police station on a train and was told to get off the train .	
A man walked into a police station on Monday and told the police that he had been arrested for shoplifting .	
A man walked into a police station on his way to a meeting with the police .	
A man walked into a police office and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police office and told me that he had been arrested for being a " terrorist " and that he had been " a bit of a bastard " ( " I	
A man walked into a police office and asked for a copy of the report .	
A man walked into a police office and said : " I 'm sorry , I 'm not going to be a police officer . "	
A man walked into a police office in London and told me that he had been arrested for being a " terrorist " and that he had been " arrested " by police .	
A man walked into a police office in the middle of the night and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police office in a London suburb and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police office in central London and was told to get out of the car .	
A man walked into a police office , and was told to leave .	
A man walked into a police office , was told to get out of the car and was told to go to the police station .	
A man walked into a police office , where he was told to " get out of the way " and " get on with the job . "	
A man walked into a police office , took a picture of the man and then was arrested .	
A man walked into a police office on the Isle of Wight and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police office on a Sunday morning and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police office on 1 April and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police office on Monday and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police van and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police van and told me that he had been arrested for speeding .	
A man walked into a police van and asked for a " B " sample .	
A man walked into a police van and said : " I 'm sorry , I 'm not going to be a police officer . "	
A man walked into a police van in London and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police van in the middle of the night and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police van in a police car and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police van in front of the police station and told them to stop .	
A man walked into a police van , and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a police van , which was parked in front of the station , and was told to get out .	
A man walked into a police van , was told to stop and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a police van , where he was told to " get out of the way " and " get off the ground . "	
A man walked into a police van with a bunch of other people .	
A man walked into a police van with his wife and children .	
A man walked into a police van with an officer in the back of the van .	
A man walked into a police van with the keys in his hand and was told to " get out of the way " and " get out of the car . "	
A man walked into a police car and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police car and told me that he had been arrested for speeding .	
A man walked into a police car and asked for a taxi to the airport .	
A man walked into a police car and took a picture of the scene .	
A man walked into a police car in London and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police car in the middle of the night and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police car in a car and was arrested .	
A man walked into a police car in front of the police station and told them to stop .	
A man walked into a police car , and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a police car , was told to stop and was told to stop .	
A man walked into a police car , which was parked in front of the station , and was told to get out of the car .	
A man walked into a police car , took a picture of the scene and was told to get out of the car .	
A man walked into a police car on the way to the airport .	
A man walked into a police car on a busy street in London and was told to get out of the car .	
A man walked into a police car on his way to work .	
A man walked into a police car on an island in the middle of the Thames .	
A man walked into a London police station and told me that he had been arrested for shoplifting .	
A man walked into a London police station in a suit and tie and told me that he was going to sue the Daily Mail for libel .	
A man walked into a London police station on the day of the alleged assault .	
A man walked into a London police station , and was told that he was being investigated for a crime .	
A man walked into a London police office and told me that he had been arrested for shoplifting .	
A man walked into a London police office in the early hours of the morning and was arrested .	
A man walked into a London police office , and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a London police office on the morning of the incident and was arrested .	
A man walked into a London police headquarters and told me that he had been arrested for shoplifting .	
A man walked into a London police headquarters in the early hours of the morning and told the police that he had been shot .	
A man walked into a London police headquarters , and was told to get off the ground .	
A man walked into a London police headquarters with a large bag of cocaine .	
A man walked into a London police precinct in a suit and tie and told me that he was going to sue the Daily Mail for libel .	
A man walked into a London police precinct and was told that he had to be arrested .	
A man walked into a London police precinct , and was told to get off the ground .	
A man walked into a London police precinct with a gun and a gun .	
A man walked into a London office and was told to get out of the room .	
A man walked into a London office and told me that he had been told that he was not allowed to use the lavatory .	
A man walked into a London office and asked for a copy of the report .	
A man walked into a London office and demanded to be taken to the airport .	
A man walked into a London office in a suit and tie and was told to leave .	
A man walked into a London office in the middle of the night and was told to get out of the office .	
A man walked into a London office in an attempt to get a £ * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
A man walked into a London office in his underwear and was told to " get off the floor . "	
A man walked into a London office , and was told to " get out of the way " and " get on with it . "	
A man walked into a London office , where he was told to " get a grip " and " get on with it . "	
A man walked into a London office , took a picture of the man and then went to the police station to report the incident .	
A man walked into a London office , ' and the whole thing was covered in a cloud of dust .	
A man walked into a London office on the morning of the day of the crash and was told to " get off the plane . "	
A man walked into a London office on a Friday night and was told to leave .	
A man walked into a London office on his way to work .	
A man walked into a London office on Monday and told me that he had been told that he had to pay £ £ £ * * * * * * * * * * *	
A man walked into a London hotel and told me that he had been told by a security guard that he was not allowed to use the lavatory .	
A man walked into a London hotel and was told to " get off the plane . "	
A man walked into a London hotel and asked for a copy of the report .	
A man walked into a London hotel and said : " I 'm going to be a f * * * ing f * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
A man walked into a London hotel in a suit and tie and was told to leave .	
A man walked into a London hotel in the middle of the night and was told to get out of the room .	
A man walked into a London hotel in his underwear and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a London hotel in an attempt to get a picture of the scene .	
A man walked into a London hotel with a bunch of other people .	
A man walked into a London hotel with his wife and two children .	
A man walked into a London hotel with the intention of making a statement about the " real " world of the hotel .	
A man walked into a London hotel with an empty bottle of wine and a bottle of wine .	
A man walked into a London hotel , and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a London hotel , where he was told to " go to the toilet . "	
A man walked into a London hotel , took a picture of the man and then went to the hotel to get a picture of the man .	
A man walked into a London hotel , in a car with a full load of other people , and was told to " go home . "	
A man walked into a London airport and was told to get off the plane .	
A man walked into a London airport and told me that he had been told by the airline that he had to pay £ £ £ £ * * * * * * * * *	
A man walked into a London airport and asked for a flight to London .	
A man walked into a London airport and took a picture of the plane .	
A man walked into a London airport in a car with a load of rubbish .	
A man walked into a London airport in his underwear and was told to get off the plane .	
A man walked into a London airport in the middle of the night and was told to get off the plane .	
A man walked into a London airport in an ambulance and was taken to hospital .	
A man walked into a London airport with a bag of chips and a bag of chips .	
A man walked into a London airport with his wife and children and was told to get off the plane .	
A man walked into a London airport with the intention of making a bomb .	
A man walked into a London airport with an empty bag and a bag of chips .	
A man walked into a London airport , and was told to get off the plane .	
A man walked into a London airport , where he was told to get a taxi .	
A man walked into a London airport , was told to get off the plane and was told to get off the plane .	
A man walked into a London airport , took a taxi to the airport , and was told to get off the plane .	
There was a  lot of noise about the ' green ' car .	There was a  lot of noise and a lot of noise .	
There was a  lot of noise in the air .	There was a  lot of noise from the other side of the Atlantic .	
There was a  lot of confusion about what was going on .	There was a  lot of confusion over the exact number of people who were on board .	
There was a  lot of confusion and confusion about the rules .	
There was a  lot of confusion in the air .	
There was a  lot of talk about the " new " and " new " models .	
There was a  lot of talk of " a new era of air travel " in the late 1990s .	
There was a  lot of talk in the press about the " new " and " new " models .	
There was a  lot of talk from the press about the fact that the " new " model was a " new " model .	
There was a  lot of that .	
There was a  lot of that , but I don 't think it was a problem .	
There was a  lot of that stuff .	
There was a  lot of that in the ' 80s .	
There was a  lot more to it than that .	
There was a  lot more to the story than the headline .	
There was a  lot more to this story than the headline .	
There was a  lot more to do than just get the picture .	
There was a  lot more noise than a lot of noise .	
There was a  lot more noise in the air than a car .	
There was a  lot more noise and noise than a normal car .	
There was a  lot more noise about the ' green ' car than the ' green ' version .	
There was a  lot more of that in the ' 80s .	
There was a  lot more of this than a ' news ' story .	
There was a  lot more of it than a few years ago .	
There was a  lot more of the same .	
There was a  lot more than that .	
There was a  lot more than a few people in the room .	
There was a  lot more than one .	
There was a  lot more than just a few minutes of the day .	
There was a  lot to do with the ' 80s .	
There was a  lot to do .	
There was a  lot to do in the first half of the year .	
There was a  lot to do , but I don 't think it was a good idea to have a " secret " meeting with the press .	
There was a  lot to be said for the " I 'm not a fan of the BBC " but I think it 's a good idea to have a " news " channel .	
There was a  lot to be done .	
There was a  lot to be gained from the fact that the BBC was not a commercial broadcaster .	
There was a  lot to be told about the " new " ' green ' car .	
There was a  lot to say about the " new " model .	
There was a  lot to say .	
There was a  lot to say , but I don 't think it was a good idea to have a " news " conference .	
There was a  lot to say and I think it was a good idea to have a few more people on the show .	
There was a  lot to like about the new version of the ' 09 model .	
There was a  lot to like in the ' 80s .	
There was a  lot to like .	
There was a  lot to like , but I was not able to get a full picture of the actual performance of the aircraft .	
There was a  lot less noise than a few years ago .	
There was a  lot less noise in the air than a few years ago .	
There was a  lot less noise and a lot more noise .	
There was a  lot less noise .	
There was a  lot less of that .	
There was a  lot less of it than the original .	
There was a  lot less of a problem with the ' old ' model than the old one .	
There was a  lot less of this .	
There was a  lot less to it than that .	
There was a  lot less to the story than the headline .	
There was a  lot less to do than the usual " I 'm not a fan of the BBC " but I was " a bit of a snob . "	
There was a  lot less to this than a " live " show .	
There was a  lot less than that .	
There was a  lot less than a minute 's silence .	
There was a  lot less than the average of the two .	
There was a  lot less than one in the air .	
There was a  time when the only way to get a good picture of the world was to get a picture of the sky .	
There was a  time when the whole thing was a joke .	
There was a  time when the " old " was a bit of a misnomer .	
There was a  time when the BBC was a bit of a backwater .	
There was a  time when I was not sure what to do with my car .	
There was a  time when I thought that the only way to get a good picture of the world was to get a good picture of the world .	
There was a  time when I could have been a bit more careful with my money .	
There was a  time when I would have been able to get a seat on the plane .	
There was a  time when it was not possible to get a good picture of the world 's most famous photographer .	
There was a  time when it would have been a good idea to have a " secret " camera in the cockpit of a plane .	
There was a  time when it seemed like a good idea to have a " secret " ( ie , a " secret " ) in the cockpit of a plane .	
There was a  time when it wasn 't possible to get a good picture of the world .	
There was a  time when there was a lot of noise about the " new " and " new " models .	
There was a  time when there were no such things as a " free " press .	
There was a  time when there would have been a lot of people who would have been in the same boat .	
There was a  time when there wasn 't a single one of the three main parties in the UK that could be trusted to do the right thing .	
There was a  time in the early ' 90s when the " old " was a bit of a misnomer .	
There was a  time in the late ' 80s when the " old " was a bit of a misnomer .	
There was a  time in the ' 90s when the " old " was a bit of a misnomer .	
There was a  time in the past when the only way to get a good picture of the world was to look at the sky .	
There was a  time in my life when I was not sure what to do with my life .	
There was a  time in my career when I was not a fan of the BBC .	
There was a  time in my early life when I was a bit of a fan of the " I 'm a man " type .	
There was a  time in my twenties when I was a bit of a geek .	
There was a  time in our history when the only way to get a good picture of the world was to look at the sky .	
There was a  time in our lives when the only thing that was going on was the ' 80s .	
There was a  time in our life when the only thing that was going on was the ' 80s .	
There was a  time in our early days when the only way to get a good picture of the world was to go to the loo .	
There was a  time in this country when the only way to get a good picture of the world was to look at the sky .	
There was a  time in this world when the only way to get a good picture of the world was to look at the sky .	
There was a  time in this decade when the only thing that was going on was the fact that the British were not in the business of making money .	
There was a  time in this era when the only way to get a good picture of the world was to look at the sky .	
There was a  time where the only thing that could have been done was to have a ' good ' news story .	
There was a  time where the whole thing was a bit of a mess .	
There was a  time where the " old " was a bit of a misnomer .	
There was a  time where the ' old ' model was replaced by a new one .	
There was a  time where I was able to get a copy of the paper and read it .	
There was a  time where I thought , " I 'm not going to be a journalist . "	
There was a  time where I could have been a bit more careful with my money .	
There was a  time where I had to go to the bathroom and I was in a very bad way .	
There was a  time where it was not possible to get a good picture of the world .	
There was a  time where it would have been a good idea to have a ' live ' show on the BBC .	
There was a  time where it wasn 't .	
There was a  time where it could have been a bit of a mess .	
There was a  time where there was a lot of noise about the ' green ' car .	
There was a  time where there were no other people in the world who could have been in the same room as me .	
There was a  time where there wasn 't a single one of the other two .	
There was a  time where there would have been a lot of people who would have been in the same boat .	
There was a  time that I was in a car with a man who was a passenger in a car .	
There was a  time that I thought I was going to be a ' journalist ' .	
There was a  time that I could have been in a car with a man who was a passenger in a car .	
There was a  time that I had to go to the bathroom and I was in the middle of the night and I was in the bathroom .	
There was a  time that the whole world was in a state of shock .	
There was a  time that the world was in a state of shock .	
There was a  time that the BBC was able to get the BBC to pay for the BBC 's coverage of the World Cup .	
There was a  time that the only thing that was going on was the ' black box ' .	
There was a  time that we were in a position where we could have a ' good ' news story .	
There was a  time that we had to be able to get a picture of the plane in the air .	
There was a  time that we could have been in a similar situation .	
There was a  time that we thought we were going to be able to get a better picture of the world .	
There was a  time that a lot of people were going to be able to get a seat on the plane .	
There was a  time that a few of us were in the middle of a war .	
There was a  time that a single , highly intelligent , intelligent , intelligent , intelligent , intelligent , intelligent , intelligent , intelligent , intelligent , intelligent , intelligent , intelligent , intelligent , intelligent	
There was a  time that a certain kind of person was able to get away with it .	
There was a  huge explosion in the air .	
There was a  huge explosion in a number of cars .	
There was a  huge explosion in front of the plane .	
There was a  huge explosion in an area of the city that was not a nuclear power station .	
There was a  huge explosion of the " black hole " in the sky .	
There was a  huge explosion of a large number of people in the vicinity of the airport .	
There was a  huge explosion of air traffic in the middle of the night .	
There was a  huge explosion of media interest in the case .	
There was a  huge explosion at the end of the day .	
There was a  huge explosion at a hotel in the city of Medan .	
There was a  huge explosion at that point .	
There was a  huge explosion at an airport in the city of Perm , and the plane was diverted to Moscow .	
There was a  huge explosion and a fire broke out .	
There was a  huge explosion and the plane was flying at a high speed .	
There was a  huge explosion and I was in the middle of the ground .	
There was a  huge explosion and it was raining .	
There was a  huge amount of noise and noise in the air .	
There was a  huge amount of information about the " secret " and " secret " of the " secret " deal .	
There was a  huge amount of traffic on the internet .	
There was a  huge amount of work done on the ' A ' test .	
There was a  huge amount to do with the ' green ' cars .	
There was a  huge amount to be said for the fact that the BBC was not a " news agency " and that the BBC was " a good place to start . "	
There was a  huge amount to say about the " new " and " new " British Airways .	
There was a  huge amount to learn about the new technology .	
There was a  huge amount in the air .	
There was a  huge amount in it .	
There was a  huge amount in that area .	
There was a  huge amount in this case .	
There was a  huge amount that was not available .	
There was a  huge amount that went on the internet .	
There was a  huge amount that had to be done .	
There was a  huge amount that could have been done to prevent the ' problem ' from being solved .	
There was a  huge outcry from the public and the media .	
There was a  huge outcry from some of the people who were in the audience .	
There was a  huge outcry from all sides of the political spectrum .	
There was a  huge outcry from those who thought that the " green " car was a " green " car .	
There was a  huge outcry in the media and the public .	
There was a  huge outcry in London when the BBC reported that the British government had been told to " shut up " by the British government .	
There was a  huge outcry in Britain when it was revealed that the British government had been secretly planning to introduce a new tax on the oil industry .	
There was a  huge outcry in France when the news was leaked to the press .	
There was a  huge outcry when the BBC was forced to admit that it had been " wrong " to broadcast the footage of the Queen on a train .	
There was a  huge outcry when it was revealed that the British government had been secretly planning to use the British government to help the British government to get rid of the " secret " nuclear	
There was a  huge outcry when they were told that the " new " version of the song was " not a song that was written by a band . "	
There was a  huge outcry when a report was published in the British Medical Journal about the use of a " trick " on the body of a man who had been shot in the head	
There was a  huge outcry .	
There was a  huge outcry . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
There was a  huge outcry . '	
There was a  huge outcry . @ zoomy - I 'm not sure what you mean by " a bit of a laugh . "	
There was a  huge difference in the way the two sides worked out the details .	
There was a  huge difference in how the two sides of the story were portrayed .	
There was a  huge difference in their attitude to the " green " issue .	
There was a  huge difference in what the media said about the ' green ' cars .	
There was a  huge difference between the two .	
There was a  huge difference between a " good " and " bad " model .	
There was a  huge difference between what the media and the public wanted to hear .	
There was a  huge difference between an old and new model of the ' old ' model .	
There was a  huge difference .	
There was a  huge difference . '	
There was a  huge difference . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *	
There was a  huge difference . @ b - I 'm not sure what the problem is , but I 'm sure that the " other " is a " problem " - the problem is	
There was a  huge difference , but the difference was that the two sides were not in a position to make a deal .	
There was a  huge difference , and I think the fact that the BBC was able to get the story right is a big reason why .	
There was a  huge difference , I think , between the two .	
There was a  huge difference , with the average speed of the new cars being the same as the old ones .	
There was a  great deal of confusion about the " rules " of the " rules " in the first place .	
There was a  great deal of discussion about the " new " model of the " old " model .	
There was a  great deal of noise and a lot of noise .	
There was a  great deal of that in the press .	
There was a  great deal more to it than that .	
There was a  great deal more of that in the ' 80s .	
There was a  great deal more noise in the air than the air .	
There was a  great deal more information about the " new " model of the " old " model .	
There was a  great deal to do with the ' 80s .	
There was a  great deal to be said for the use of the word " retard " in the title .	
There was a  great deal to say about the " new " and " new " British Airways .	
There was a  great deal to learn about the " new " " old " and " new " in the " old " world .	
There was a  great deal that was done in the name of " the " " good " of the world .	
There was a  great deal that happened in the last few days .	
There was a  great deal that went wrong in the ' 90s .	
There was a  great deal that I could have done with the information I had .	
There was a  great article in the Daily Mail on the subject of the " Climategate " scandal .	
There was a  great article in The Times on the subject of the " Climategate " scandal .	
There was a  great article in this newspaper last week about the " new " " new " and " new " models .	
There was a  great article in a newspaper in which the author said that the " most important thing " was that the " most important " thing was the " quality of the material .	
There was a  great article about the " new " " new " " old " and " new " in the media .	
There was a  great article about this in the Daily Mail .	
There was a  great article about how the " new " British Airways ' fleet of planes is being built .	
There was a  great article about it in the Guardian .	
There was a  great article on the subject in the Guardian on Monday .	
There was a  great article on this subject in the Sunday Times .	
There was a  great article on that in the Guardian last week .	
There was a  great article on how to make a " green " car .	
There was a  great article by the Times in the Sunday Times on the " Climategate " scandal .	
There was a  great article by a journalist in the Daily Mail on the subject of the " Climategate " scandal .	
There was a  great article by Richard Horwell in the Guardian on Monday about the " Climategate " scandal .	
There was a  great article by The Times in which the paper 's editorial team ( " The Guardian 's editorial team " ) was asked to comment on the " Climategate " scandal .	
There was a  great story to tell about the " new " British Airways .	
There was a  great story to be told about the " new " British Airways .	
There was a  great story to say about the " new " British Airways .	
There was a  great story to report about the " new " British Airways .	
There was a  great story about the " new " British Airways .	
There was a  great story about how the " new " British Airways ( BA ) airline was founded in the late 1980s .	
There was a  great story about a man who was a passenger in a car that was being driven by a man who had been driving a car .	
There was a  great story about this .	
There was a  great story in the Daily Mail yesterday about the " new " British Airways .	
There was a  great story in The Times yesterday about the " new " British Airways .	
There was a  great story in this newspaper about the " new " British Airways .	
There was a  great story in that newspaper about the " new " British Airways .	
There was a  great story of how the " old " was a " new " and " new " and " new " in the industry .	
There was a  great story of the day in the Daily Mail .	
There was a  great story of a man who was a passenger in a car and was taken to hospital with a broken leg .	
There was a  great story of this .	
There was a  great explosion of colour in the air .	
There was a  great explosion of the ' 80s .	
There was a  great explosion of noise and a lot of noise .	
There was a  great explosion of air traffic in the middle of the night .	
There was a  great explosion in the number of people who were in the vicinity of the plane .	
There was a  great explosion in air traffic .	
There was a  great explosion in a number of other aircraft .	
There was a  great explosion in London in the early ' 90s .	
There was a  great explosion and a fire .	
There was a  great explosion and it was a huge explosion .	
There was a  great explosion and I was in the middle of the crowd .	
There was a  great explosion and the whole thing was blown up .	
There was a  great explosion at the end of the first half of the show .	
There was a  great explosion at that point .	
There was a  great explosion at Heathrow in the early hours of the morning .	
There was a  great explosion at a London hotel in the early hours of the morning .	
